I think that Illinois apart from a lot of other schools
of it's size really focuses on the community.
I love that there are so many different types of people here.
You get international students, people from other states,
people just from small towns in Illinois, to the big city of Chicago.
It's a 40,000 person family.
Personality wise and major wise we have so many different
majors that people excel in.
You come here and you really get the sense of belonging here.
Students should apply to Illinois because first of all,
it's a very prestigious school there's obviously a lot of
really great programs here.
If you have a major or interest, like even if you're not sure,
Illinois has something related to it,
so it's a place where everyone can fit in.
But secondly, once you get here the atmosphere is very relaxed.
It's a lot of diversity, it has anything that anyone could want.
There's a lot of school spirit people here work hard,
but they also play hard you know and have some fun,
get out and take advantage of the activities that are offered here.
The best location here at Illinois is probably the football stadium.
My favorite place on campus is probably the
Krannert Center for the Performing Arts.
And it's just really a great atmosphere.
I go there a lot, there are a lot of great performances,
from dances to operas to musicals.
And being in the student section with everyone wearing orange,
usually no matter how the team is doing, usually gets you feeling…
pumped.
I really like school and school is really important to me,
and academic rigor is super important to me.
But I also really like football games and basketball games,
and goofing around with my friends.
At Illinois you get the best of both worlds.
You get athletics and you get academics.
And Illinois and Illinois students are all of those things.
We're a really well rounded group.
So for me it was just a perfect fit.